0. This is a contractual arrangement regarding the use of the software contained
in this directory and, if they exist, its sub-directories between the user who
obtained that software by whatever means (hereinafter referred to as "You", or
"Your") and Wolf-Ekkehard Blanz, the developer of this software, of legal age
and resident at 1536 Queenstown Court, Sunnyvale, CA 94087-4442, U.S.A.
(hereinafter referred to as "I", "Me", or "My").

1. Unless specifically noted otherwise, the software contained in this
directory and its sub-directories (the Program) was developed solely by Me.  All
of My development was done on My own time and equipment. It does not relate to
any work that I am or was doing for the particular employer or employers (if
any) with which I was in a contractual relationship during the time of the
development of the Program. Therefore, according to My interpretation of all
contracts under which I was bound during the time of the development of the
Program, which is made in good faith and after careful evaluation of such
contracts, none of My employers, current (if any) or past, can claim any rights
to the Program as authored by Me based on such employment contracts.  Hence, the
rights to use, redistribute, or modify the Program as authored by Me are
determined solely by Me, and they are as stated below.

2. The Program is free software: You can redistribute it and/or modify it under
the terms of the Apache License (APL) as published by the The Apache Software
Foundation, either Version 2.0 of the License, or (at Your option) any later
version.  If work or derived work of other authors has been used, any and all
such work is also governed by the terms of the Apache License (APL) Version 2.0
or above.

3. Even though reasonable efforts have been made to investigate whether the use
of the Program could violate intellectual third party property rights such as
copyright, trademark or patent protections, and no such violation was found at
the time of release of the Program, My liability is limited as outlined under
"Limitation of Liability" of the Apache License (APL) Version 2.0 or above.  No
patent protection of any of My intellectual property that went into the Program
was sought.  If You use the Program, You do so at Your own risk.

4. If the terms of APL version 2.0 (or later) are not acceptable to You, You
can contact Me to make special bilateral arrangements instead.  However, the
rights of anybody else to use the Program as authored by Me under the terms of
APL version 2.0 (or later), commercially or not, must remain untouched by any
such arrangement.  Should an arrangement between You and Me include Me modifying
the Program, such modification shall then be considered a different program and
shall not be part of the original Program.  Moreover, the rights of any other
author or authors who contributed to the Program (if any) can not be touched by
such arrangements without their explicit written consent.  All such bilateral
arrangements must be agreed upon in writing.

5. All information which is produced as the intended output from the Program
does not automatically fall under the copyright of the Program, but belongs to
whomever generated it and may be distributed freely or sold commercially under
conditions determined solely by the owner.

6. The Program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT
ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the Apache License for more details.

7. You should have received a copy of the Apache License as file LICENSE as part
of this documentation.  If not, please see the web page at
<http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0>.

8. The effective date of this arrangement is the date at which You obtained a
copy, electronic or otherwise, of the Program.

9. If You do not agree with the terms as outlined above, or as negotiated
bilaterally between You and Me and agreed upon in writing, You must not use or
modify the Program, and You have to completely remove all instances of the
Program and any derivative work from Your computer and all storage media in
Your possession.
